README.md, before:

Sea of Rock, Paper and Scissors
===============================

About
-----

A Rock, Paper, Scissors Textadventure for the console / terminal with Pirates in it! You need ruby to play this game.

Made by Martin "Nodepond" Wisniowski for the Global Game Jam 2014 at Cologne Game Lab 24.-26. 1. 2014


While this game is open source in its nature, feel free to contribute and make this a better game. Who knows what this game will develop into... Arrr!!


Instructions
------------

You need ruby and a console to play this game.

To install the game, just clone it from github:
```
git clone https://github.com/nodepond/SeaOfRockPaperScissors.git
```

Then change directory
```
cd SeaOfRockPaperScissors
```

Start the game
```
ruby go.rb
```

Bonus
-----

Mac-pirates will also like to install the Pirates.terminal color-scheme. 

Unfortunately I did not found a good method to let the music play in a looped style on all systems, so there is no music, but the mp3-file still lives in there. 

Copyright
---------

(cc) by-nc 2.0 de 
Martin "Nodepond" Wisniowski

http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.0/de/

Commit message:

Added Link to Game-Jam Page

README.md, after:

Sea of Rock, Paper and Scissors
===============================

About
-----

A Rock, Paper, Scissors Textadventure for the console / terminal with Pirates in it! You need ruby to play this game.

Made by Martin "Nodepond" Wisniowski for the Global Game Jam 2014 at Cologne Game Lab 24.-26. 1. 2014


While this game is open source in its nature, feel free to contribute and make this a better game. Who knows what this game will develop into... Arrr!!


Instructions
------------

You need ruby and a console to play this game.

To install the game, just clone it from github:
```
git clone https://github.com/nodepond/SeaOfRockPaperScissors.git
```

Then change directory
```
cd SeaOfRockPaperScissors
```

Start the game
```
ruby go.rb
```

Bonus
-----

Mac-pirates will also like to install the Pirates.terminal color-scheme. 

Unfortunately I did not found a good method to let the music play in a looped style on all systems, so there is no music, but the mp3-file still lives in there.

Game-Jam
--------

See the [Game-Jam Page](http://globalgamejam.org/2014/games/sea-rock-paper-and-scissors) of this game (including screenshots).

Copyright
---------

(cc) by-nc 2.0 de 
Martin "Nodepond" Wisniowski

http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.0/de/
